[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video i hope
you're having a lovely week so
far today i'm going to show you what i
eat on holiday whilst
we are away in spain we're staying in a
villa so a lot of stuff i'm just going
to keep the same we went to the
supermarket yesterday and
i just picked a plan i use your
breakfast oats i managed to find some
frozen blueberries and stuff like that
i was so impressed with like the food
selection they had loads of new stuff
i actually love going away for that
reason because their supermarkets i've
always got like new stuff that i've
never seen before i did bring some
scales so i'm just going to have to put
like rough macros
on the screen and i feel like i've got
quite a good eye for stuff now
in terms of like measurements and stress
we started the day doing a little
10-minute yoga flow
we haven't done that in so long and it
felt so good like we set her around for
half
six and i snoozed it like two or three
times i was just like oh
you know when it's really dark in a
bedroom it is so difficult to get up
it's like a blackout
bedroom i'll show you like the curtains
that we've got so tonight i'm gonna
leave them slightly open
because i always find it really
difficult to get up if it's just
completely pitch black but yeah we got
up i think like ten to seven
eventually i just like dragged myself up
and we did the ten minute yoga photo i'm
gonna leave that link down below
i would really recommend giving it a try
it was so it was just really easy and i
always find it just
so so energizing it just starts your day
off like on a good
start before you even think thought
about like going on your phone type of
thing before we jump straight into
anything i would really appreciate it if
you could hit this video with a like and
make sure you subscribe
it really helps and supports my channel
and i just really appreciate it
and we'll get straight into it
so i brought this with me in my suitcase
as well
like a cafeteria thing and one of these
little things and i just ordered this
off
amazon before i came i popped it in here
and i've already tried this like
yesterday morning but i really really
like the coffee
so i'm just gonna put two scoops i'm
gonna make enough for like
[Music]
[Applause]
so yeah we're just gonna have black
coffee just like we do at home
so here is my first move today this
little
oat bowl
just making a pre-workout on the rocks
i've got two massive ice cubes i'm going
for the strawberry lime flavor again
i put in like a scoop in half because i
oh i feel a bit
tired and i'm also gonna have two of
these omega-3 supplements
[Music]
um
so
[Applause]
i've just brought some turkey this
already had like a little bit of
a seasoning on it which is really nice
what flavor would you say
a tea turkey breast in the old
frying pan and i'm just going to
microwave one of these little
rice pots in there
i'm just going to have some mixed salad
with some mustard sauce
[Music]
[Applause]
and a bit of beetroot and then i'm gonna
just
have some of this um
marriage on this tried this yesterday
it's so nice
i haven't gone through that
so yeah so here is lunch how nice is
this look something a little bit
different
[Music]
so i'm just to make some yogurt um we
just
popped a little and got some like bits
of fruit i've got some
like mixed dried fruits here which i
love on
yogurt
so i'm just going to have some yogurt to
about 150
so
just 1100 protein
some flavor drops and i'm gonna have
some of these um
things dried through
and then some little chocolate chips on
the top
so yeah so this is my little yogurt bowl
snack that i'm just gonna dip
our de foil devourer
so we are just heading out for dinner
we're going to a new restaurant again
uh called el murado in javier it's like
20 minutes from our villa i think it's
mainly like seafood
or maybe mediterranean it had some
really good reviews so
just thought we'd give this a try we've
eaten at home like most today
so i'm looking forward to trying
something new don't even fancy like
fish actually again i feel like fish is
lovely here isn't it yeah yeah the fish
is so nice here i always think i just
fancy like lighter stuff
when it's warmer and stuff like in the
heat and everything like that just to
mention as well so like obviously i've
tracked
my macros and stuff uh breakfast and
lunch but i'm not like ridiculously
straight to the point where i'm not
gonna like eat out
whilst on holiday i've just like saved
myself some
calories for this evening if you're just
sort of like
smart of your micro that you really
don't have to either starve yourself
anything like that
you can just fit stuff in and i feel
like once you track for quite a while as
well you just get a nice
idea of like what's in stuff anyway i
would never say to that avoid eating out
if you're going on holiday like
life is for living and so yeah and i
still i did a workout and got my steps
in as well
so i always like to keep that the same
and i just i feel my best
and all of that when i'm still being
active and stuff like
stopped moving basically and just laid
enough of it all day i just feel so
[Music]
sluggish
i'm down yeah this menu
looks so nice and i'm thinking
maybe the grilled salmon
or swordfish so we got muscle start i
didn't know how many those were
we oh we've steamed up so we're eating
these lovely muscles
[Music]
mason's got like a lamb leg over there
which is nice i didn't realize it'd be
crispy actually
[Music]
so just finished that was so
up here that we noticed yesterday like
from a distance
i didn't know it was right at the top of
this part yeah
and then drive back to the villa
[Music]
it's just falling down it's amazing it's
got the brush
so i'm going to end this video here i
really hope you enjoyed this
what young day on a holiday let me know
what other videos you'd like to see
next like whilst i'm away and stuff if
there's anything that would be helpful
or useful
and if you haven't already i'd love you
to stick around by subscribing to my
channel and liking this video and
i'll see you in the next one
[Music]
yeah just some you get used to